c:\users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\CoolLooks.dll
c:\users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\CoolLooks.pdb
c:\users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\CoolLooks.CoolLooks.apk
c:\users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\CoolLooks.CoolLooks-Signed.apk
c:\users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\CoolLooks.dll
c:\users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\CoolLooks.pdb
c:\users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\android\bin\CoolLooks.CoolLooks.apk
c:\users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\res\layout\listrow.xml
C:\Users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\res\layout\detailsfragment.xml
C:\Users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
C:\Users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\CoolLooks.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\CoolLooks.dll.mdb
C:\Users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\android\assets\CoolLooks.dll.mdb
C:\Users\chank\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\res\values\style.xml
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\CoolLooks.dll
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\CoolLooks.pdb
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\CoolLooks.CoolLooks.apk
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\CoolLooks.CoolLooks-Signed.apk
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\CoolLooks.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\CoolLooks.dll
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\CoolLooks.pdb
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\android\bin\CoolLooks.CoolLooks.apk
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\res\layout\listrow.xml
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\res\layout\detailsfragment.xml
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\res\layout\listfragment.xml
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\Plugin.DeviceOrientation.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\bin\Debug\CoolLooks.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\android\assets\CoolLooks.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Student\Desktop\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\CoolLooks\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.DeviceOrientation.dll.mdb
